charset,UTF-8
type,shell

name,Standard Cube
craftman,Galla & Zichqec
craftmanw,Galla & Zichqec
craftmanurl,https://github.com/Zichqec/KEEP_FROZEN

seriko.alignmenttodesktop,free
seriko.use_self_alpha,1

sakura.balloon.offsety,80

sakura.bindgroup10100.name,Face,Toggle
sakura.bindgroup10100.addid,10101

sakura.bindgroup100.name,Object,Skull
sakura.bindgroup101.name,Object,Key
sakura.bindgroup102.name,Object,d20
sakura.bindgroup103.name,Object,Paper Towels
sakura.bindgroup104.name,Object,Water
sakura.bindgroup105.name,Object,Plush
sakura.bindgroup106.name,Object,Bow and Bell
sakura.bindgroup107.name,Object,Traffic Cone

sakura.bindgroup200.name,Object,Sea Turtle
sakura.bindgroup201.name,Object,Sea Purple
sakura.bindgroup202.name,Object,Unicorn
sakura.bindgroup203.name,Object,The Moon

sakura.bindgroup300.name,Object,Cherries
sakura.bindgroup301.name,Object,Banana
sakura.bindgroup302.name,Object,Mushroom - Red
sakura.bindgroup303.name,Object,Mushroom - Purple
sakura.bindgroup304.name,Object,Mushroom - Brown
sakura.bindgroup305.name,Object,Egg - Brown
sakura.bindgroup306.name,Object,Egg - White
sakura.bindgroup307.name,Object,Tree

sakura.bindgroup400.name,Object,Candle - Red
sakura.bindgroup400.addid,40000
sakura.bindgroup400.addid,40001
sakura.bindgroup401.name,Object,Candle - Blue
sakura.bindgroup401.addid,40100
sakura.bindgroup401.addid,40101
sakura.bindgroup402.name,Object,Candle - Green
sakura.bindgroup402.addid,40200
sakura.bindgroup402.addid,40201
sakura.bindgroup403.name,Object,Candle - Yellow
sakura.bindgroup403.addid,40300
sakura.bindgroup403.addid,40301

sakura.bindgroup404.name,Object,Straw - Red
sakura.bindgroup405.name,Object,Straw - Blue
sakura.bindgroup406.name,Object,Straw - Green
sakura.bindgroup407.name,Object,Straw - Yellow

sakura.bindgroup408.name,Object,Knife - Red
sakura.bindgroup409.name,Object,Knife - Blue
sakura.bindgroup410.name,Object,Knife - Purple
sakura.bindgroup411.name,Object,Knife - Black

sakura.bindgroup412.name,Object,Ring - Gold
sakura.bindgroup413.name,Object,Ring - Silver
sakura.bindgroup414.name,Object,Ring - Bronze
sakura.bindgroup415.name,Object,Ring - Black

sakura.bindgroup500.name,Object,Beetle - Green
sakura.bindgroup501.name,Object,Beetle - Pink
sakura.bindgroup502.name,Object,Beetle - Brown
sakura.bindgroup503.name,Object,Beetle - Purple
sakura.bindgroup504.name,Object,Worm - Pink
sakura.bindgroup505.name,Object,Worm - Brown
sakura.bindgroup506.name,Object,Worm - White
sakura.bindgroup507.name,Object,Fly - House
sakura.bindgroup508.name,Object,Fly - Fruit
sakura.bindgroup509.name,Object,Fly - Black

sakura.bindgroup600.name,Object,Candy Cane - Red
sakura.bindgroup601.name,Object,Candy Cane - Green
sakura.bindgroup602.name,Object,Candy Cane - Red & Green
sakura.bindgroup603.name,Object,Snowflake
sakura.bindgroup604.name,Object,Coal
sakura.bindgroup605.name,Object,Ice Cube
sakura.bindgroup606.name,Object,Popsicle Stick

sakura.bindgroup700.name,Object,Vase - Blue
sakura.bindgroup701.name,Object,Vase - Red
sakura.bindgroup702.name,Object,Vase - Green
sakura.bindgroup703.name,Object,Vase - Gold

sakura.bindgroup800.name,Object,Poinsettia - Red
sakura.bindgroup801.name,Object,Poinsettia - Pink
sakura.bindgroup802.name,Object,Poinsettia - White
sakura.bindgroup803.name,Object,Tulip - Orange
sakura.bindgroup804.name,Object,Tulip - Purple
sakura.bindgroup805.name,Object,Tulip - Sea
sakura.bindgroup806.name,Object,Tulip - Butter

sakura.bindgroup900.name,Object,Nebula - Red & Yellow
sakura.bindgroup901.name,Object,Nebula - Green & Cyan
sakura.bindgroup902.name,Object,Nebula - Blue & Purple
sakura.bindgroup903.name,Object,Nebula - Prismatic
sakura.bindgroup904.name,Object,Galaxy - C

sakura.bindgroup908.name,Object,Vortex

sakura.menuitem0,10100